not very smooth. Please consider revising it. Better to start with the question. &quot;Can we extend traditional micro-credit contracts to the ultra-poor, who are typically excluded from the credit access? please mention some numbers, or estimates of the effects to anchor the impacts. we need to cite papers (not here but in the main text) related to the impact of managerial training and support on micro-enterprises. David McKenzie and Chris Woodruff has a few papers on it, to being with.  possibility of a this sentence is not punchy and does not convincingly convey the findings. Please consider rewriting. We need to highlight three things 1) micro-credit can be expanded to ultra poor and can help poor to escape poverty trap but this can be achieved with a revised design of th credit program where longer loan contract with a large upfront liquidity is offered. 2) This proposed design does not trigger any systematic or strategic default compered to traditional contracts. 3)  Investment supporting aid by MFIs could help more poor to join. we can show results using the repayment at the 36th Months, demonstrating that our conclusion is valid even at the 36th month, without the repayment extension.   We can also create the repayment-month wave data with monthly aggregates (0-48 months) or (0-36 months). Then stack this data and run a pooled regression with treatment assignment to check the treatment impacts on timely repayment, missing weeks and other outcome variable of interest for loan repayment. This will be the case of large T, so we can show results using the repayment at the 36th Months, demonstrating that our conclusion is valid even at the 36th month, without the repayment extension.   &#13;&#13;We can also create the repayment-month wave data with monthly aggregates (0-48 months) or (0-36 months). Then stack this data and run a pooled regression with treatment assignment to check the treatment impacts on timely repayment, missing weeks and other outcome variable of interest for loan repayment. This will be the case of large T, small N as defined by David McKenzie JDE 2012 paper.    Yes, perfect. I think this is very interesting findings and we should dig deeper. Let's try to understand the mechanism. I think this is the issue of risk averseness. Risk averse poor uptake more cattle arm due to the investment supporting aid offered by the MFI and I think this is very interesting findings and we should dig deeper. Let's try to understand the mechanism. I think this is the issue of risk averseness. Risk averse poor uptake more cattle arm due to the investment supporting aid offered by the MFI and also a clear investment portfolio given for success. We can estimate risk averseness, which was asked to our sample in Wave 2 [panel 2, section 13]. The data-set is available in the Dropbox. Let me know if you can not locate  the data or questionnaire.    I think we can add one additional analysis in the current draft. we asked our sample about their preferred loan choices in section 22 (panel 3)  and again in section 18 & 24 in endline. Please consider checking their stated preference for loan choices. I think we can add one additional analysis in the current draft. we asked our sample about their preferred loan choices in section 22 (panel 3)  and again in section 18 & 24 in endline. Please consider checking their stated preference for loan choices. Also the fact that our poor repaid a large portion of the debt, it reminds me of the this book: Poor always payback (https://www.amazon.com/Poor-Always-Pay-Back-Grameen/dp/1565492315) This also confirms what I wrote earlier that risk averseness plays a role here. previous experience of cattle farming reduces the risk of managing the portfolio and repayment. Primary education: age 6-10; Secondary education (high school): 11-16;Higher Secondary education: 17-18I actually don't have the book with me and given the COVID situation difficult to access the book from FIU library. Will do it. By when you need this section to be done? Please also let em know the length of this section or sub-section and where it will fit.The char selection was done based on two criterion, no existence of Micro-finance program by the NGOs/MFIs or by CLP program of DFID there and the islands are water-locked.  I don't think this is the only question we are addressing. I would rewrite the third paragraph focusing on the the following thingsrra) Global push for reduction of poverty using intervention like cash transfer, BRAC TUP program, universal basic income etc. rb) However the such interventions are resource intensive and one-way transfer in nature. Not possible for wide adoption and scalability for the resource poor countries. rc) Micro-credit could potentially bridge this gap, (credit access to reduce poverty and money recycled for greater outreach). However micro-credit being criticized for not very trans-formative to reduce poverty. rd) two things may have triggered such a null effect. the small credit amount and low entrepreneurial ability. re) to shed light on this we experimented with a large upfront micro-credit with longer loan maturity contract for ultra poor with Investment supporting aid by MFIs to maintain the asset.     rrthis RCT design would address two crucial questionsr1) CaI don't think this is the only question we are addressing. I would rewrite the third paragraph focusing on the the following things&#13;&#13;a) Global push for reduction of poverty using intervention like cash transfer, BRAC TUP program, universal basic income etc. &#13;b) However the such interventions are resource intensive and one-way transfer in nature. Not possible for wide adoption and scalability for the resource poor countries. &#13;c) Micro-credit could potentially bridge this gap, (credit access to reduce poverty and money recycled for greater outreach). However micro-credit being criticized for not very trans-formative to reduce poverty. &#13;d) two things may have triggered such a null effect. the small credit amount and low entrepreneurial ability. &#13;e) to shed light on this we experimented with a large upfront micro-credit with longer loan maturity contract for ultra poor with Investment supporting aid by MFIs to maintain the asset.     &#13;&#13;this RCT design would address two crucial questions&#13;1) Can large upfront micro-credit contract help ultra poor to escape poverty trap? 2) Can Investment supporting aid by MFIs encourage more ultrapoor to uptake the credit 3) can it be a viable business model for the MFI?     please refer a %, like 15% more ultrapoor, from the baseexperimental armsupfront this is not clear.please re-write, not clear to comprehend. typoor may be they are risk averase and would not want to take the contract without the support.To me these two subsections, namely Participation and Attrition coming after empirical strategy for ITT estimation is not consistent with the flow. Attrition should come in the study sample, section V. If we include the participation then there should be To me these two subsections, namely Participation and Attrition coming after empirical strategy for ITT estimation is not consistent with the flow. Attrition should come in the study sample, section V. If we include the participation then there should be a subsection in the empirical strategy section about equation to estimate uptake along woht the ITT measures. Also result should have subsections, one for uptake and one for ITT.   1 USD is 78-84 BDT1 USD is 78-84 BDTshould we not have previous experience of livestock raising as a variable here to show previous entrepreneurial experience matters for take up of the loan and cattle arm helped folks to adopt more without such an experience. We gathered such information ashould we not have previous experience of livestock raising as a variable here to show previous entrepreneurial experience matters for take up of the loan and cattle arm helped folks to adopt more without such an experience. We gathered such information at the baseline. Let's tag them as &quot;experienced livestock farmers&quot; or something similar. I think this is an important finding and similar to the recent Banerjee et al (2019) paper.not sure what this variable captures. I think this is important and we need to go deeper, as I commented in Table 4 above. same as before. It might also be useful to show the ATE (average treatment effect), which is equation 1 but pooled regression combining all the waves. We should report such pooled regression first, which shows the overall impact of the  treatment averaging over the stuIt might also be useful to show the ATE (average treatment effect), which is equation 1 but pooled regression combining all the waves. We should report such pooled regression first, which shows the overall impact of the  treatment averaging over the study period. And then we show this diagram which shows the time course of the impact. Please see McKenzie JDE (2012) paper. If se believe that one should notrabruptly change how one treat the relationship between a covariate and the outcome before and after 5% or 10%, because p-values are continuous variables, then our vertical bars can be generous showing 90% confidence intenormal;font-style:normal">-values are continuous variables, then our vertical bars can be generous showing 90% confidence intervals, not at the 95%.I beg to disagree. your specification 1 shows ANCOVA estimator. It should be there before jumping to the Specification 2, time varying treatment effect. it should be a pooled regression, stacking all the periods. Please see McKenzie JDE (2012). See thisI beg to disagree. your specification 1 shows ANCOVA estimator. It should be there before jumping to the Specification 2, time varying treatment effect. it should be a pooled regression, stacking all the periods. Please see McKenzie JDE (2012). See this:&#13;1.http://siteresources.worldbank.org/DEC/Resources/Beyond_Baseline_and_FollowUpJDE_final.pdf&#13;2. https://blogs.worldbank.org/impactevaluations/why-difference-difference-estimation-still-so-popular-experimental-analysisor risk averseness. we also need to show an overall effect of the intervention, on top of this time varying ones. why lease?why not seperate the intensive and extensive margings in the figure 5?this is brilliant. thanks! Can we show this same picture with functional attributes?should it not be white color rather than blue?don't know why we are claiming repayment is causing consumption suppresssion. we have no evidence for that. also need an overall mean impact averaging over the study period. we can also re-create this picture at the 36 month (original design withou the estention due to flood) and demonstrate relative position of repayment in each arm and % in each arm on track. lets also estimate this at the 36 month. are you sure?please mention what is the definition here. Since the beginning of the paper we are saying poor or ultra poor overall so suddenly saying moderate poor is confusing. Lets say ultra poor and subsistent poor (or asset poor) or something like that and explaplease mention what is the definition here. Since the beginning of the paper we are saying poor or ultra poor overall so suddenly saying moderate poor is confusing. Lets say ultra poor and subsistent poor (or asset poor) or something like that and explain the classification used and reason for that. one reason is MFI targeting is based on asset holding at the household level. We can show that non or zeros asset holders are equally likely to repay. higher secondary levelhigher secondary levelhigher secondary levelthere is a role of risk averseness here as well and previous experience of catle raising matters, which also hints that previsu experience reduces the risk on uncertain investment return and large debt contract.  we need a cost benefit analysis from the MFI and also internal return of return (irr) analysis to show the return to investment. Also the conclusion need to say % of people got our of poverty (or escaped poverty trap) in the Upfront liquidity group cowe need a cost benefit analysis from the MFI and also internal return of return (irr) analysis to show the return to investment. Also the conclusion need to say % of people got our of poverty (or escaped poverty trap) in the Upfront liquidity group compared to traditional arms.  higher secondary levelfor girls. low return, shorter maturity projects.this is confusing. transfer may mean CCT. better to say cash loan rahter than in-kind loan. better to say uptake of such loan contract is higher. Investment supporting aid by MFIs in the form of consulting and VET service. trailer
<</Root 1 0 R>>
%%EOF
